See the [index.mdx](./index.mdx) for an overview of the snippets folder. This
index file is autogenerated on changes to the snippets folder.

### Snippets Wiki

The Pages folder contains the majority of the content for the Livepeer
documentation.

The top level groupings that live in the root of the repo (v2/pages) are the
main pages in the documentation and are the top level navigation items.

As many of these pages become long and complex, it makes sense to break them up
into smaller pages and enable easier reading of the top level pages.

Mintlify does not allow importation of MDX or JSX files from anywhere other than
the /snippets folder. This is a limitation of the Mintlify platform.

Mintlify also does not allow JSX files to import other JSX files. This is also a
limitation of the Mintlify platform and why we have instead opted to use MDX in
MDX.

Note also, that if the ROOT / PARENT uses an imported JSX component, the CHILD
MDX files also have access to it, BUT only as a prop not as a component. If you
need that component in a child and parent view you must rename the import in the
child view.

**EXAMPLE PAGE**

[LAYOUT] The Gateways Quickstart requires multiple Views by OS/installation
type, as well as both (Tabbed) off-chain and on-chain instructions (steps) for
dual mode gateways. Thats a lot of combinations and code in one page!

We don't want to break this page down into subpages on the navigation bar as it
makes the top level layout complicated and overwhelming, with nested groups &
tabs, when the user will only care about one specific combination. The following
achieves a clean site wide layout while keeping the content modular and easy to
read and update.

[COMPONENTS] We want to also ensure the user is able to access all potential
information they may need in this one location without the page becoming
excessively long and verbose, so we use Accordion and Expandable components to
provide that information in a JIT fashion, without overwhelming them with full
text or references to other pages they need to click through to.

[DATA] Many of the steps across views in the quickstart page contain code that
is used in multiple places - both in the quickstart page and other pages. For
example the docker run command is used in the quickstart, but also in the
gateway reference page. We want to ensure this code is DRY and lives in one
place and is easy to update or modify across the entire docs site, without
changing multiple files. Therefore we use a snippets/data folder for common code
strings used in the views and/or site wide. (this is a bit of a WIP as I process
& understand more of the technical requirements of developers, gateways,
orchestrators and delegators in the Livepeer ecosystem.)

# EXAMPLE GATEWAY QUICKSTART LAYOUT PAGES

To achieve this the main quickstart page
(v2/gateways/quickstart/gateway-setup.mdx) imports
mdx files from the /snippets/pages/04_GATEWAYS/run/quickstart folder to keep the
top level page readable and the views modular:

```bash
04_GATEWAYS/
├── run/
│   ├── quickstart/
│   │   ├── gateway-setup.mdx
│   │   ├── views/
│   │   │   ├── docker/
│   │   │   │   ├── dockerOffChainTab.mdx
│   │   │   │   └── dockerOnChainTab.mdx
│   │   │   ├── linux/
│   │   │   │   ├── linuxOffChainTab.mdx
│   │   │   │   └── linuxOnChainTab.mdx
│   │   │   ├── macos/
│   │   │   │   ├── macosOffChainTab.mdx
│   │   │   │   └── macosOnChainTab.mdx
│   │   │   └── windows/
│   │   │       ├── windowsOffChainTab.mdx
│   │   │       └── windowsOnChainTab.mdx
│   │   └── quickstartTabs.jsx
```

Additionally we use a snippets/data folder for common code strings used in the
views and/or site wide.

```bash
data/
├── gateways/
│   ├── code.jsx
│   ├── flags.jsx
│   └── quickstart.jsx
└── globals.jsx
```

We also have Gateway specific components in the snippets/components/domain/04_GATEWAYS
folder. (example: the callout components used in the quickstart page for
offchain and onchain warnings.

Note: As Mintlify does not allow MDX component import in JSX files, if you try
to make some of these modular, its not possible to do without either creating
the MDX component yourself (ok if simple) or by creating another MDX page
import. (the line is blurry on what should live where. We keave it to any dev to
decide or have opinions on! - improvement suggestion feedback always welcome.)

```bash
components/
└── gateways/
    ├── callouts.jsx
    └── quickstartTabs.jsx
```
